chi paper,,kill it
         (ch)


recording --
  "START" should a CONTRACT to LOG the next N
  {type:'start-recording', frames:10}
  give RESPONSE (done) via pubsub?

*DESIGN the CLUSTERING+REALTIME-PREDICTION*
a tool that queries from the rethink db
...then creates a viz
....then goes onto predict you

record--->
      <----your timeline
my labels*"-->
      <----your realtime prediction


*and colors? a possible condition?

we'll need a comparison. maybe neurosky's, but is it categorical? do we need the same number of categories/labels/"vocabulary" in each condition, or do we keep it "real" i.e. real to what products hvae been doing

is this just product design?

are we really digging into how people express themselves with their sensor data?



moves into the tap app
a really sexy sleek visualization something id send to my parents you know
or friends



why 
are
we interested in doing this again?
what is
to be gained
by sharing our sensor data?

is is not, "what is to be gained"
it is, "what are the expressive properties of sensor data?"

we know that they  communicate different things (doctor versus people)
we know that they  sometimes communicate things to ordinary people, (old hr study)
we know that they  can communicate our emotions to machines (?)

what is their EXPRESSIVE RANGE,
both to ordinary people as uninterpreted data
and to humans as machine-, or algorithm-interpreted data?


for the first question, we can rely on theory from embodiment and so on to tred the waters of theoretical explanations. any raw physiological signal, sufficiently explained, could allow a person to relate to it, via their bodily experiences, and thus project an emotion onto the reading.

for the second one, where do we look to? infoviz is of some help [], interp of machine learning etc, but i argue for a different route: virtual embodiment, avatars, etc......even though they are not a human *form*, they are *bodily*, in the literal sense but more importantly in the experiental sense.


well, hang on now, "RANGE" and "POWER" are slightly different things.

range ==> what can they express, what can be devised about consciousness through them
power ==> what can actually be *done* with them, what expressions can be *transmited*

and these are different things arent they
its in me to really want to address that first question. is the brain computable? is consciousness computable? what version of consciousness is computable?
i'd say, if i'm half a dissertation in and still've got time to spare (or requirements), then its a good addition.
if i come to someone and say, this is not enough, too focused not multifaceted enough, etc, then i can do that
but you know, its good not to answer all questions at once.
it would be good even if i were more ABLE and WILLING and READY to answer those questions (or begin to ask them) while i'm winding TOGETHER
on my dissertation


right, so, whats the dissetation that will WIND TOGETHER mostly (as much as possible) "on its own"?

1. this project with coye
2. these projects with tap+john,will converge




WHAT ARE THE EXPRESSIVE CAPACITIES OF SENSOR DATA?
WHAT IS THE EXPRESSIVE CAPACITY OF SENSOR DATA?

are they about state of mind?are we fooling ourselves into some type of telepathy?
to what extent will people believe that a sensor (say, a dinky eeg device) is *capable* of reading their thoughts? [neuroenchantment]
raw signals are easy to experiment with
but algorithms too;and how can people work *with* algorithms to express themselves? differently from how they'd use those data for self-tracking? if differently, why? is it because they think they're disclosing something that they shouldnt be disclosing?

meanwhile i have a great chance to be critical up here.
what are the presumptions in affective computing, a lot of fun to call some of those out
even in the prospectus would be a good exercise to do so,,,,come up with them through meenas class


down here is the crazy \/

wrap-up some interesting questions at the end....when im more able to *ask* the questions, then questions about what can even be detected with a sensor,data,etc,,,what is consciousness and so on. ill know a lot more then, about math especially, its good to wait itll be good.
